do you want to live in a world where
everybody feels cozy and validators all
the time what do you want to live in a
world that works we fight new wars the
old options military diplomacy
they don't always succeed sometimes you
need a third option
that's overwatch according to the
government we do not exist or ghosts
we are very real and we get done
only gonna help on this one fun 9 pounds
of radioactive isotope is missing it's
enough to make 6 major cities
uninhabitable he knows exactly where it
is what do you want I want out of the
country
this one's it for espionage we're
talking about a corrupt low-level cop
who you're sitting here indicates he's
not so low level you be careful
dad men wandering our embassy
and I just put me on a plane to the US
and I'll give you everything
to go there's an overwatch operation
deliver that package to here mile 22 you
know he can't miss it guys me Bob what
about to go to
like cuz I can't cheat death
contact major contact
requesting hand of God got it take
Wow our angel can only stay on the
ground ten minutes they miss that window
they are dead decoding names you tell us
all that the game today I'll play
everything I've seen
last four please frame on my pistol I
think I might be worse I am a killer who
looks like a hero
feeling combos not even a little are you
I'm totally calm that's because you're
mentally unstable thank you
[Music]
you